How I Wish:

I applied through college or university. The process took 2+ weeks. I interviewed at Bloomberg L.P. (North Tonawanda, NY) in February 2017.
Interview
Great experience overall. Most posts on Glassdoor have the process down. Phone screen, then onsite with two technical interviews. If you do well on those, a meeting with an HR rep -- in my case, my recruiter -- and then an interview with a senior software engineer.
If you're puton a tour with other interviewees, be friendly with them and chat about what type of prep you've done, what companies you're looking at, where you go to school, etc. I'm glad this part didn't feel too competitive. Talking to the oth5er applicants really soothed my nerves.
Other than that, just study basic leetcode / ctci questions. None of the the questions I got onsite were overwhelmingly complex, though I was super nervous during the first round and struggled at first to write out a clean solution. The interviewers were friendly and helped me along the way.
First interview was paper and pencil. Second interview was in the same conference room but they let me whiteboard on -- interestingly -- a glass door. Admittedly I couldn't see any of the code I read but the interviewers had a better angle so it all worked out.
"""""Got a call the day after while on my amtrak back to college with an offer."""""


Don't forget these:

Graphs/Hash (Sunday) - DONE
Amortized Analysis - DONE
My resume end to end and my internship experience and personal projects really well
DP basics (largest subarray, contiguous longest subarray)
BST a little bit (Trees revision quickly)
Solid principles



Experience notes:

Why Bloomberg? (DO THIS DO THIS DO THIS)
Tell me about your internship and job experience
Explain a project that you are proud of (Be ready with your OOP refactoring)
If it is a web based project you are talking about don't forget the OS, DB and front size stuff
What is your future career plan?
What made you choose Bloomberg over the previous location listed on your resume?
Describe flaws in your personalities
Tell me about the project you loved to work on
Apply a hash map to one of the project problems in my resume
What projects have you worked on in the past and how do you see your skill set fitting in at Bloomberg? 


Information:

First 3 months training on company and technologies, then a presentation from different teams, you later have to select which one you'd like to join after training
Be aware that the interviewer will look at your solution from different angles
Onsite was difficult. They'll grill you down on concepts. But it is just to SEE HOW YOU DO UNDER PRESSURE. STAY CALM STAY CALM STAY CALM and you can get the job!



Interview questions:

decide whether there are duplicates in an array
deal with a stream of pairs and whether one can get to certain point
What is quick sort and how to program it

round1: reverse Integer, Valid Parentheses(leetcode 20) (two interviewers)
round2: 1.design a horse racing system 2. given a height matrix, decide whether the rain can flow form the inside column to the left and right margin **************** (two interviewers)
round 3: talk with a manger, some behavior question, how to find the kth largest number in an unsorted array.
round 4: talk with HR, behavior question.

Write a Stack class: push(),pop() methods without using built-in pop() method. Following questions was to write a MinStack class which contains a method that finds the minimal value of a stack using only push() and pop().

In-place node swapping in a linked-list such that all odd position nodes come first followed by all the even position nodes and return the head node pointer.

Given an input string and a number n, return all the characters that are repeated atleast n times in the input string… 

Remove odd numbers from a given array. Now remove them in place. Now solve it again, except solve it by partitioning even and odd elements to either side, then… 

1) Given two integer arrays A and B, where A is larger in size than B, find the intersection of the two arrays, i.e. the elements that are present in both A and B.
2) Given an unordered list of tasks, where a task is a class that has an id and a parent id, implement a function called killBranch. killBranch would… (Graphs)

arrange all zeros in an array to the end
Add digits+

Coding question: given a array and a number k, find a contiguous longest subarray having sum <=k.

Validate a custom binary tree.
1. For every even level the numbers are odd and aligned in descending order from left to right
2. For every odd level the numbers are even aligned in descending order from right to left.

Then there is a technique question. The question is about the moving average, then there are some follow-up questions. 

Find the kth largest element collectively from 2 sorted integer arrays. 

Find the k largest elements of a constant input stream of values.  

Why Bloomberg? Tell me about yourself and what you do? Given 11000111, output how far each 0 is from the current index. So output should be 21000123

Check if a tree is a mirror tree (f)
Rotate a Linked List (f)

1. Deep copy a linked list with a random pointer.
2. Perimeter of the wall enclosed by an enemy. Eg:
     121
     121
     If the enemy is labeled 2 in the above matrix, the wall size is 6.
3. Design a circle class and then on, utilities on top of it including randomly generating a point within a circle. How do you translate to polar coordinates and…

Given a list of ones and zeros, how would you sort the list efficiently so the zeros are in the front and the ones are in the second half.  

Designing a board game between 2 players

Implement a Stack that supports a max function?

Did two algorithm coding question. The phone interview was find path. The on campus interview was one of the questions from leetcode. Medium to hard level questions.

How to obtain the running average of a group of numbers

find duplicates and arrange them by order of frequency

Find the maximum number in a rotated sorted array

Find closest ancestor in a tree
Cut a string given list of pairs of numbers as index to cut off
time complexity for data structures

Hackerrank questions:
a) Find longest substring with unique characters in O(n) time.
b) Find all nodes matching a given value in a Tree.

Onsite round 1
a) How do you implement hashCode of a long value?
b) Find all prime numbers in a range(say all prime numbers from 1 to 100).

Onsite round 2
a) Sort a collection using a calculated attribute(fairly simple calculation on find frequency of… 


Question regarding flights and their arrival and departure times  

Similar to leetcode 209. Minimum Size Subarray Sum (f)

Onsite Round 1 (2 on 1 interview)
1. Given a list of students, sort it on the basis of grade.
2. Given a binary tree and its node structure , add sibling node links in the tree.

Onsite Round 2 (2 on 1 interview)

1. Find the minimum and second minimum element from given array.
2. Followup for… 

Questions similar to counting island. Finding a number in a data structure.  

BSTs, binary search, linked lists  

2D array traversal question
data structure design question (keeping browser's history with no duplicate hostname, to be honest, it was not very clear what the interviewer wanted

Validate binary seach tree, both recursive and iterative. (interesting! try this)

Implement an insert function, and access top few elements. (f)

Given a set of shapes on a two-dimensional grid, find the total area covered by those shapes. 

You have a BST where each node points at a different node. You want to augment that property into the BST. How would you do that? What data structure would you use?

design an algorithm to decide if a string str1 contains str2  

string compression (probably that aaabbcccccd = a3b2c5d1 question)

Typical average algorithm question

Hashtables and binary trees, notthing unusual for a Software Developer Intern position interview. (f)

find min of array that decrease then increase, like [5,4,3,2,1,2,3,4,5]
reverse an int
graph related question, used BFS
talked about previous projects, and the difficulty

[2,2,3,3,4,5,5] find the non-duplicated one question (Bsearch)
Balance a tree (in paper) *****************
Best way to store contact information (Hash and Binary tree) *** see one question of this type for sure
Write a function that finds all the rectangles given a series of points

How OS processes work and how they talk with each other. How OS process variables stored and OS can retrieve them.
(Check this book: "Essential Operating Systems Concepts" - read some ppt for this)
Review core Linux concepts and commands

Given a string, sort its letters by frequency and in alphabetic order in the case of a tie, for example BLOOMBERG -> BBOOEGLMR 
You have a million people running a marathon. The progress of the race is tracked via a series of check-points, A through Z. Describe 2 functions:… 
How would you implement cache for storing large amounts of frequently updated data? What would be time performance of insert, remove and search? (SOUNDS LIKE MFU cache)

Given a tree and a certain element n, find the node of the tree at the smallest height that has the requested element and return that height, if not found, return -1.  
What is the point of virtual memory?

Similar to the leetcode problem 496. Next Greater Element I

Merge K sorted lists.

1) A recursive, flow problem- Identify the perimeter of a section of a 2D array that has the same value (guaranteed to be contiguous). 2) Given an array of values, print out each integer with the next integer in the array that is higher than it. I.e [2,1,5] Print 2,5 and 1,5 (but can be in any order)

Data structure questions such as HashMap, reversing a linked list, sparse matrix multiplication.....  

Check if a string is a palindrome. Scale this up to process faster (was looking for multi-threading concepts)  

Deep copy a linked-list with next pointers and random pointers.  
Find the floor of the square root of a number without using special, math functions.  
Difference between public/protected/private variables in C++.  

Count the number of islands in a boolean 2d array (f)

How to multiply two integers without using multiply and division operations

Convert Binary Tree to linked list

To assign letters from a - z on a m*n keyboard. and to print directions for an ant moving on a keyboard for a sequence of letters.

given a method which had for loop with 100,000 iteration and calling it to some method with heavy call ( for that exercise they used sleep). all the results from the method call stored in array. how will you improve performance.  





Design questions:

Data Structure design for a Marathon. (describe two functions .... don't know what since glassdoor didn't work)
How would you implement cache for storing large amounts of frequently updated data? What would be time performance of insert, remove and search? (SOUNDS LIKE MFU cache) 
Design question about web traffic; recording 'hits' and print top-10 most visited… 
Design questions about the best way to store the company's data in order to maximize efficiency of certain tasks, such as sorting by different indices and categorizing stock
Tree traversal problem, every node in the tree could have arbitrary number of children, I had to decide my data structure and write a function to traverse that tree
Implement a prefixed tree
Describe the possible software interface of an alarm clock.
data structure for maintaining a leaderboard, allowing updates. Retrieve first k each time
Paint fill with follow-up about detecting intersections of circles, detect the node where two linked lists merge into one, implement topological sort.
Given a set of runnerId's and sensorId's, come up with an algorithm to get the top 10 fastest runners to display on a scoreboard.
It was based on e-commerce setup. So there are n Order receiving servers which are receiving orders from customers and there is one another server which fetches orders from the these servers and processes them in sequence.
n order receiving servers ( each server has m orders): 
A : 1 3 6 ...
B : 2 5 7 9 ...
C : 4 8…
Implement two functions: one is to add a number to the array, the other one is to get the current median of the array. (you can use any data structure to store the numbers, not limited to array)  
Implement a LRU cache  
design marathon real-time ranking board
Given a stock ticker, and stock price, how would you keep a history of the stock prices? What data structure to use?
Design an object to handle the web browser operation: forward, backward and showHishtory.
Design a marathon player checkpoint system
We are given some students with a number of n. And we are given a number m at the same time. For n students, we say 1, 2, 3, 4, ..., n. Then we build a new list. Every time we count number m, and take the number out and put it at the tail of the new list. Return the list.…*```````
Telephone directory (Name given and Number given) - best solution hash and binary trees (see one example like this)
they asked about implementing a caching system for a FaceBook-like newsfeed. This was directly related to a project on my resume.
Store last n requests to server
Design a card class and shuffle a deck of cards 
How would you design a deck of playing cards and write a function to shuffle those cards?




Alarming and new questions so far:

Balance a binary tree
Check complete tree (leetcode)
Write a function that finds all the rectangles given a series of points
Sparse matrix multiplication
Implement a Stack using a LinkedList  
Trim a tree upto a given height and sum all the nodes below… 
Write an algorithm to check the correctness of a Sudoku puzzle solution
Given array is [0,1,1,0,1,1,1] ; output should be [0,1,1,0,1,2,3] ie., for every non-zero element in array, find its distance to the nearest zero in O(n) time
Joseph circle
Given a 2D matrix, print all the elements one diagonal at a time
A little harder than this but very similar. Reverse a string in-place
Prefixed trees (At least see what they are and see one question and implementation of this)
What is the maximum sum of numbers in an array where you cannot add consecutive numbers?
Deep copy a graph. ******
Marathon Problem, Joseph Problem
Random question about treemaps that I got wrong...but apparently did ok enough to get an offer
round table with m people, remove nth person each time, find the last person left
Tough DP question
How to prune and correct error nodes in a binary search tree?
Give a list of from and to destinations for flights, give the number of different unique paths for a given source and destination airport. (I think it is DP)
Check whether the two string arrays are isomorphic.
eg. "cat" "dog" "cat is similar to "nyc" "indy" "nyc" but not similar to "nyc" "indy" "cali".  
Write a function to check if a binary tree is balanced & complete or not
Sum of two numbers as Linked Lists (do both MSB first and LSB first)
Make a Fibonacci Sequence out of any word
Use a partially sorted list, square it and sort it again (in faster than n log n time)....
Given an array and a target. Find a continuous set in the array that its summary equals to the target. (looks like DP)
Scheduling conflicts (Pick rooms for people who requested them (meeting size constraints))
2d array and find bounding boxes